What's wrong, Haoran?
I'm afraid the king of the town is the existence at the top of the building
Fair hand to help him
No match for him at all
Just a word from him
There are countless people who will do anything at all costs
Come to Jiangnan and kill me
Don't worry, since the day I woke up
Your ending is already doomed
My death in the north is already a kind of suffering
But he's all monstrous
The most powerful man in the world again
We can't beat him at all
Why don't we run away
To a place where no one knows us
Live a reclusive life
Fool, you have no confidence in me
Don't worry.
My background is not as simple as you think
I promise you.
Wait until all these things are gone
I'll take you to the mundane life you want
Okay? Can it really be solved?
Really? You believe me?
Give me a little more time.
As long as I solve these time
Haven't you always wanted a flower shop?
Then we will open a flower shop by the sea
Get two more dogs
From now on, we will invite them to go for a walk every day
Ok?
Ok you trust me
Haoran, I know you're just comforting me
Don't worry, I will be with you no matter what.
Even death